black bears can sometimes hibernate in
the tree Tut's say it with me now
Wow Toki Lao is a group of islands in
the South Pacific Ocean
the place is famous for getting 100
percent of its electricity from solar
energy the first pirate flags were not
black but red people dream mostly in
pictures
the majority of dreams are visual and
have little movement and sound there's
also nothing strange about having
bizarre and illogical dreams the part of
your brain that's responsible for making
sense shuts down while you're dreaming
sound travels almost four times faster
underwater than it does on the air
that's why divers often have problems
with figuring out the direction of
sounds when bald eagles screech they
sound so silly that Hollywood has to dub
over that sound with a red-tail Hawks
cry the Empire State Building houses so
many businesses that it has its own zip
code it's 1 0 1 1 8 the Nishiyama onsen
koi you can in Japan is the oldest hotel
in the world it's been around since the
beginning of the 8th century hope
they've changed the carpets since then
one of the most typical gifts on
father's day is a tie when you cup your
hands to scoop some water you create a
Gao pen it's true
a grizzly polar bear hybrid has several
names the growler bear Paisley bear
polar Grizz or Grizz ler one side of
your body has more blood vessels than
the other
that's why hair and nails on that side
get more nutrition and grow faster the
sea level isn't different around the
globe because the world's ocean surface
isn't flat it's because of the winds and
the difference in gravity which is
influenced by underwater mountains mass
if our planet was the size of a grain of
sand the Sun would be as big as an
orange
ostriches have very elastic tendons it
allows them to run faster travel longer
distances and spend less energy it means
an ostrich could probably outrun even a
horse kangaroos that lift 18,000 to
50,000 years ago were the size of a
rhino the largest uninterrupted
waterfall on the land surface of our
planet Angel Falls is as tall as a 300
story building scientists have been
arguing for ages whether corn is a
vegetable or a green or probably even a
fruit the name Jessica was first used in
its current form by William Shakespeare
researchers know about almost 400 lakes
that lie under the ice in Antarctica one
of them is as big as Lake Ontario one of
the five Great Lakes in North America
many people believe that Arizona's
Meteor Crater was given the wrong name
it had to be called meteorite crater
that's what meteors that fell on earth
are called but the places name is
actually connected not with a space
object but with the craters geographical
location the nearest to the crater post
office had the name meteor your left
lung is smaller than the right one to
leave enough room for your heart good
thing too 97% of people use Google as a
spell checker they type words in the
address bar to see if the spelling is
correct crackers are worse for your
dental health and sugar because they
stick to your teeth and turn into
bacteria breeding grounds all ants in
the world weigh as much as the entire
human population of the planet when two
cans fall asleep they curl into small
compact balls the first computer mouse
which was invented in 1964 was made of
wood the device was also rectangular and
had a small button in its top right
corner
around 3.8 billion years ago I wasn't
around then earth cooled down to 212
degrees Fahrenheit the gas in the
atmosphere condensed into rain which
filled the basins that are now oceans
and seas the first 3d movie was shown in
Los Angeles in 1922 you may start
laughing after you sneeze several times
in a row because sneezing makes people
happy when you sneeze your body releases
endorphins hormones responsible for
dealing with stress the underground cave
of the crystals in Mexico is filled with
giant crystals hence the name some of
them are the size of a school bus
unfortunately you can't get to this
place nowadays but when the cave was
still accessible people could only stay
there for 10 minutes at the most
it was extremely hot inside up to 136
degrees Fahrenheit and the humidity
reached 90 to 99 percent there's a
device that can put out a fire with the
help of sound waves
there could be takeout restaurants in
Pompeii archaeologists have found some
evidence that might prove this fact
process cheese also known as American
cheese was actually created in
Switzerland in the 1910s your brain is
getting cleaned while you're sleeping
special fluid flushes through it and
washes away toxins and harmful proteins
that build up there during the day the
only mammal that can fly is the bat and
even if it seems that flying squirrel do
it as well it's just an illusion
they simply glide through the air even
though the distance they cover can reach
300 feet Australia has more than 10,000
beaches if you visited a new beach every
day it would take you more than 27 years
now even though frogs and salamanders do
have lungs they mostly breathe through
their skin
the very first members of the horse
family living about fifty million years
ago were the size of a dog most horses
also remained small forest browsers for
almost half of their history green eyes
are found only in two percent of the
population and they're more common in
women than in men the first watermelons
were either bitter or bland they were
originally cultivated in Africa for
their water content cocoa beans were
used as currency among ancient
civilizations of South America and
Mexico and chocolate was only a drink at
that time it was a bitter liquid
sprinkled with spices or mixed with corn
puree bet when you blush
your stomach's lining becomes red as
well trust me it takes water 1,000 years
to complete a continuous journey around
the world the whole process is known as
the global ocean conveyor belt when
potatoes are fresh they contain 80
percent of liquid it means they're just
15 percent behind celery and cucumbers
and if you want you can easily juice a
potato cats can't taste sugar they don't
have the necessary receptors the tallest
rosebush ever was grown in California it
got to the Guinness World Records after
its height reached 18 feet 8 inches
that's as tall as a giraffe sharks can
have up to 30,000 teeth throughout their
lifetime and as many as 3,000 at any
given time
these teeth grow in multiple rugs and
are embedded in the animals gums rather
than their jaws what makes around 1,000
loops around your body in just one day
Stubbs the cat was the mayor of
Talkeetna in Alaska for 20 years
the feline was visited by 30 to 40
tourists a day and received tons of
letters and cards some people are better
at knowing everything than others
because they have super effectively
wired brains the connections between
their brain cells are shorter and
stronger
the slow were moves and looks like a
snake
but it's actually a legless lizard
melanism is the opposite of albinism
melanistic animals have too much black
pigment in their skin feathers or hair
that's why unlike their light-colored
mates they look dark almost black the
Earth's core is about 1% goal and it
sounds not that impressive but if you
deposited all that gold on the planets
land surface it would cover the ground
up to your needs it's impossible to hum
while holding your nose you hum by
moving air through your nasal passages
try to do it now you'll feel some
buzzing there but when you close both
your mouth and your nose the air can't
escape and there's no humming sound
researchers think that once the whole
face of the Great Sphinx of Giza was
painted red
Venus spins backward compared to the Sun
and most other planets in the solar
system one of the explanations
astronomers have come up with is a
collision with some solid object for
example an asteroid elephants have super
thick skin on some parts of their bodies
for example on their backs and the tops
of their heads it can be up to one inch
thick hearing is your fastest sense your
brain needs fractions of a second to
recognize a sound carrots used to be
purple in the past with some yellow ones
among them then people figured out that
yellow carrots tasted better purple ones
were slightly bitter even though
penguins don't have visible ears their
hearing is exceptional each of your
taste buds consists of up to 100 cells
that analyze taste information
strawberries aren't actually berries
true berries have their seeds inside and
strawberries don't fit this definition
but then it gets kind of chaotic based
on this classification oranges Kiwis
watermelons and bananas all turn out to
be berries
all Scandinavian countries have a cross
on their flags when watermelons are
baked or grilled
they lose their watery granular texture
and become Tom there's even a recipe
called watermelon steak
it makes watermelons taste like meat
Jupiter's moon Io is covered with
hundreds of volcanoes and is the most
volcanically active object in the solar
system the moon also looks blotted and
has a weird yellowish surface a
two-story house made entirely out of
Lego was once built in England about 3.3
million small bricks were used during
the construction 3% of the world
population has an inborn inability to
recognize the voices of people they know
this phenomenon is called phone agnosia
sea cucumbers may look like real veggies
but these creatures do know how to
protect themselves when they feel
they're in danger the animals eject
their internal organs and then regrow
them again within a month and a half you
guessed it they spill their guts camels
are associated with Africa and the
Middle East but these animals actually
originated in North America if you lump
together all the known asteroids in the
solar system their total weight would be
smaller than 10% of the moon's mass
Tigers not only have striped fur their
skin is dry too
these stripes are like human
fingerprints no two Tigers have an
identical pattern many animal species
that live at the very bottom of the
ocean can glow in the dark they do it by
triggering special chemical reactions in
their bodies dextra phobia is the fear
of objects that are on the right side of
the body it also sometimes refers to the
fear of right handedness after solving a
problem cows get excited they start to
move more and have an increased heart
rate maybe they should go to school
the largest sand image in the world is
as big as 12 Olympic sized swimming
pools and can be seen from space
it was greeted in 2019 in Dubai it took
the artists more than 2400 hours to
finish their work dogs are as smart as
the average two-year-old and can
recognize and understand about 160 words
when you breathe through your nose one
nostril always inhales more air than the
other they swap over every 15 minutes or
so it's also believed that when you
breathe through your right nostril you
get more oxygen than while doing it
through the left one white isn't the
only color for cauliflower even though
this hue is the most common the
vegetable has orange purple and green
varieties the ocean stores 50 times more
carbon than the atmosphere avocados
can't ripen on trees and if you want to
make some guacamole you have to pluck
the fruit first your teeth are the only
part of your body that can't repair
itself but the enamel they're covered
with is one of the hardest things in the
human body you keep in memory more faces
than you can imagine up to ten thousand
it varies from person to person but the
average number is five thousand faces
you can see four states from the top of
Willis Tower in Chicago on a clear day
there Illinois obviously West concen
Michigan and Indiana spiders might have
more legs than they need scientists have
found out that spiders with one or two
missing legs build exactly the same webs
as those with all legs intact
owls have huge eyes they usually account
for 3% of their entire body weight for
comparison in humans this number is a
mirror 0.0003 percent owls also have
three eyelids one is for blinking the
second is for sleeping and the third
eyelid protects the bird's eyes from
injuries while the fly
corncobs almost always have an even
number of rows most commonly 16 if you
feel your phone's vibrating when it
actually isn't
you have phantom vibration syndrome
scientists think it can be a sign that a
person's too involved with their gadget
you think the largest collection of
comic books includes almost 100 2000
unique items my collection under my bed
was not nearly that big Uranus is the
only planet in the solar system that
rotates on its side it might be because
of an ancient mega powerful collision
but it's just a theory
gas giant Jupiter is the planet with a
shortest day in the solar system it
lasts just 9 hours and 55 minutes
birds are immune to the burn of Chili
Peppers the human brain can't
concentrate on two things at once but it
can switch between several tasks really
fast on the downside it decreases your
attention span and harms your short-term
memory and the ability to learn
corals where natural sunscreen it helps
them survive in the Sun the most vivid
dreams happen during rim which stands
for rapid eye movement sleep this stage
doesn't last long and happens 90 to 120
minutes apart throughout the night
during REM sleep most of the involuntary
muscles in your body get paralyzed so
that you don't harm yourself while
acting out a dream this doesn't happen
with my dog though he even barks in his
sleep
at the beginning of the sixteenth
century the word computer' referred to a
person who carried out calculations
oranges weren't called this way for
their color it's the color orange that
was named after the juicy fruit the
atmospheric pressure on Venus is 92
times greater than that on earth so if
you were standing on its surface you
would feel the same as at a depth of
3000 feet underwater on our planet
yes Venus would have a real crush on you
there are underwater lakes and rivers in
the oceans
they're known as brine pools the water
in them is saltier and denser than the
rest of the water in the area brine
pools have shorelines and sometimes even
waves Vermont is a small town in Canada
it's designed in such a way that its
residents don't have to go outside
during freezing seven-month long winters
houses restaurants stores supermarkets
schools and other buildings are all
interconnected coffee beans help to get
rid of bad breath they prevent the
bacteria that caused the unpleasant
smell from building up in the mouth
wireless signals are illegal in a small
town of Green Bank in West Virginia it
means no cell phones no Wi-Fi no
Bluetooth no electronic transmitters
whatsoever the town houses the Green
Bank telescope the world's largest fully
steerable radio telescope any kind of
wireless signal can mess up its work
mercury has wrinkles when its iron core
was cooling the planet's crust
contracted it made the surface of the
planet uneven each dog's nose has its
own unique pattern you can identify dogs
by their nose prints just like
fingerprints are used to identify people
if you sing or play some music for a
turkey it's likely to sing along seventy
percent of the oxygen people breathe is
produced by the oceans before Google was
officially launched in 1998 it was
called backrub dentistry is likely to
date back to 7000 BCE at that time
people believed that tooth decay was
caused by tooth worms the flounder fish
has outstanding camouflage skills it can
hide even on a checkerboard earth
grazing fireballs are bright meteors
that enter the Earth's atmosphere but
then leave it again there are waterfalls
in the ocean they are created by the
differences in water temperature that's
when colder and denser water flows down
and underneath warmer and
later layers the largest known waterfall
on earth lies between Iceland and
Greenland
this giant is 11,500 feet tall stars
look as if they're twinkling because of
the disturbance in the Earth's
atmosphere
it deflects the light from stars that
reaches your eyes and makes it shake
dreams you see in the morning hours
lasts longer while typing a web address
in a browser on your iPhone
hold down the full stop icon it'll bring
up a shortcut series of website suffixes
from the most common ones like calm or
dotnet to the less used it may seem that
some Ducks like surfing they've been
seen riding away and then swimming back
to write another one in reality it's
their way of catching crabs the most
expensive cheese in the world is made in
Serbia is called pool it's cheese made
from donkey milk which is apparently
really hard to pull off the cost of this
product can reach $600 per pound and you
can only buy it in Serbia from one
producer the Hubble Space Telescope
weighs almost as much as two male
African elephants and is as long as a
big School Bus it's made almost 1.5
million observations since it was
launched in 1990 the fattest organ in
your body is your brain that makes up at
least 60% of his driveway it even got
the brain to the Guinness World Records
well that's it for now donkey milk
cheese anyone